hello guys my name is Russian badger and
welcome to battlefield hardline now I'd
like to preface everything else by
saying beforehand that this video is
really not going to contain anything
about the features or the weapons or the
mechanics or the vehicles or anything
else really pertaining to hardline
because I want to upload one video
before I did anything else just to
remain completely transparent with all
of you and it's gonna explain and clear
up a lot of confusion that you're
probably experiencing right now because
number one the situation for you right
now is probably something like your
inbox is completely filled with all of
these hardline videos from all these
different youtubers that have this
little watermark on them in the first
five seconds let's say sponsored by EA
so I want to explain to you exactly what
that means you're probably gonna hear
from a lot of other youtubers something
along the lines of oh man yeah EA flew
us out to San Francisco and they put us
up in this luxury hotel and we got to
you know we got to record the game
before anything else anybody else in the
entire world and it was awesome ro it's
awesome but allow me to put that in
perspective for you alright
number one we were all flown out coach
and we did not have our check bags paid
for and you know what the only reason
that I got a decent seat is because I
bribed my way into an exit row because
I'm pretty nifty when it comes to
navigating airplanes number two with the
whole luxury hotel situation sure I can
concede that it was a luxury hotel
alright it's clearly above the standard
of this sort of baseline Motel 6 type
experience but I mean the beds are
really comfy and there's a lot of
amenities but at the same time this
luxury hotel is in the middle of goddamn
nowhere nowhere like it was 45 minutes
to the closest bar that I would consider
even moderately exciting in another 10
minutes beyond that to the high file out
in San Francisco which is basically a
sauna I'll be going there again
but don't think it was like every
youtuber was staying at some kind of
Presidential Suite it's not really that
status and number three the whole
recording footage we only really got to
record for two hours that's the window
that they gave us and keep in mind some
guys flew from literally New Zealand
yeah New Zealand he's like I know what
dude there that flew like 27 hours to
play battlefield 4 - I'm like damn damn
that is rough man that is rough but
that's essentially the situation so I
wanted to clear up
kind of confusion that it wasn't it's
not like ei is handing me a hundred K in
a duffle bag
flying me out first class and having
this cutie waiting in a presidential
suite for me in downtown San Francisco
that is not the situation so I just
wanted to give you complete transparency
in terms of what ei gave us for this
entire trip and I wanted to assure you
that I'm sorry that's not that's not
gonna buy my opinion that's not gonna be
like oh well this game is unequivocally
the best game ever game of the year all
year every year that's not what this
entire sort of amenity package is going
to do and this is also something that I
wanted to caution you about is that I
would just be very very very careful
when you listen to other youtubers that
are gonna say something like this is the
best game ever like how could you say
anything bad about this game it's really
not the case I think there's a lot to
improve on in the game I think there's a
decent core game to begin with but I
think they have some serious polishing
to do and some serious tweaks that I
will get to in future videos essentially
what I'm going to be doing is I'll
upload a few videos that essentially
show you what is going on like these are
the game modes these are the vehicles
these are the weapons is how the game
handles and then I'll have a separate
video where I essentially go over
everything else in terms of not not
quite a review but this is overall what
needs to be fixed what is really great
that should be maintained at this
current point in time and just overall
like different videos one showing you
content and one showing you my opinion I
wanted to break it up that way so it's
not like you want to see features and
you're just the entire video is just
plagued by me blabbing about an opinion
that you don't really care about so I'm
gonna separate those two like for
example killing people with Tasers I'm
gonna show you that I'm pretty sure I'm
the only one that got a kill with the
zipline when I was fooling around with
Chavo and a/c but I just wanted to
preface everything in terms of all of my
hardline content just telling you
exactly what all of us got and it's not
it's not like they gave us the moon it's
not just this overwhelming perk package
that it's just gonna buy all of our
opinions I would I hope this is what I
hope that it doesn't buy the opinions of
other youtubers that's what I'm really
banking on is that just that sort of
amenity package doesn't just buy the
opinion of every other youtuber but that
you guys might happen to watch but I
wanted to give you complete transparency
as to exactly what's going down now on
top of that in terms of actual feedback
if you want to interact with me directly
I'm gonna be live-streaming a
battlefield hardline ID it's going to be
tomorrow from I believe yeah it's gonna
be - it's gonna be from 2 p.m. Pacific
time until around 6 p.m. Pacific time
I'm gonna be live-streaming battlefield
hardline over on Twitch so that is your
golden window of opportunity if you want
to come over and ask me like hey badgers
it's a broken feature I'll say yes a
broken feature like hey badger is this a
really great part of the game I'll say
yeah this is a really great part of the
game or I'll deny it all I'll answer any
sort of questions that you guys have at
2 p.m. Pacific time tomorrow that's
really the window that you have between
2:00 and 6:00 Pacific time tomorrow on
the 10th just answering again it kind of
questions or any kind of curiosity as
you guys might have about the game that
is a point in time where I'll be heavily
answering question questions in the chat
and interacting with you as much as I
can and giving you as much information
as I can so I just wanted to upload this
quick preface video just so you guys
knew what the situation was and what's
happening in the next week hopefully
your your entire inbox your entire
subscription box has not been absolutely
just wrecked right now because of so
many people that have just been released
from the embargo gates if you will but I
want to thank you guys very much for
watching I hope to see you guys live
stream tomorrow and hope you enjoy any
of the other hardline content that I'm
about to throw at you but I'll see you
guys next time auf wiedersehen
you'd piss ball tuned nigger
you